This sample program implements a speed alert system that
notifies about the upcoming speed traps when they are in
within 500 meters of your car.

It loads the data about the speed traps, simulates two cars
moving on the road continuously updating the location and 
receiving alerts about the speed traps. 

The data model for consists of a feed called 'speedtraps' 
that stores the attributes of each speed trap and its 
location. Each speedtrap is identified using a unique key.

./speedtraps.data  - This file consists of data about each speedtrap. 
                     It consists of a unique id, the latitude, 
                     longitude of the speed trap, the nature of the 
                     speed trap and a comment. 

./load.py          - This script allows you to load the speed trap 
                     data into the Locomatix cloud in feed called 
                     'speedtraps'.

./movement.data    - This file is used to simulate the locations of 
                     moving cars. It consists of a series of latitude 
                     and longitude. 

./cars.py          - This script simulates two cars moving in space by 
                     reading every second the latitude and longitude in 
                     'movement.data' file. 

./alerts.py        - This script creates a local web server used to 
                     receive alerts. 

RUNNING THE SAMPLE 
------------------

a) Get your Locomatix credentials by signing at the website 
   http://www.locomatix.com.

b) If you already have Locomatix credentials, add those credentials 
   in the scripts ./load.py and ./cars.py by substituting the following 
   variables 

    LOCOMATIX_CUSTID
    LOCOMATIX_KEY
    LOCOMATIX_SECRET_KEY

c) Run ./load.py to load the data about the locations of speed traps.

d) Now run ./alerts.py and it will spit out an URL. Make sure that this 
   URL is public and reachable. If you are running inside a wirewall or 
   behind a NAT, alerts will not be posted to this URL.

e) In a seperate terminal window, run ./cars.py -u <URL>. The URL from 
   step d) should be passed as a parameter. This specifies to the 
   Locomatix cloud that alerts should be posted to the URL.
 
   Once the program starts running, it will print the movement of cars 
   and as they come across speed traps, alerts will be posted to the URL.
   You can see the alerts being printed by ./alerts.py.
   
QUESTIONS
---------

If you have any questions, send an e-mail to info@locomatix.com.
